add deploy docs for flightcontrol (#1114)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/deploy/flightcontrol.md

---
title: Deploy your Astro Site to AWS with Flightcontrol
description: How to deploy your Astro site to AWS with Flightcontrol
layout: ~/layouts/DeployGuideLayout.astro
---

> [Flightcontrol](https://www.flightcontrol.dev?ref=astro) enables any developer to deploy to AWS without being a wizard. It's extremely easy to use but lets you pop the hood and leverage the raw power of AWS when needed.
> 
> Supports both static and SSR Astro sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy an Astro site using [Flightcontrol](https://www.flightcontrol.dev?ref=astro), which provides fully-automated deployments to AWS.
```
This is more in keeping with the neutral tone of the other pages. We typical start with "You can deploy an Astro site using..." and then a very factual (not marketing) description. So, I'd suggest something like the above, but do correct if it's factually inaccurate.

## How to Deploy

1. Create a Flightcontrol account at [app.flightcontrol.dev/signup](https://app.flightcontrol.dev/signup?ref=astro)
1. Go to [app.flightcontrol.dev/projects/new/1](https://app.flightcontrol.dev/projects/new/1)
1. Connect your Github account and select your repo
1. Select your desired "Config Type":

>     1. `GUI` (all config managed through flightcontrol dashboard)
>        1. Then select the Astro Static or Astro SSR preset
>     1. `flightcontrol.json` ("infrastructure as code" option where all config is in your repo)
>        1. Then select an Astro example config, then add it to your codebase as `flightcontrol.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `GUI` (all config managed through flightcontrol dashboard) where you will select the `Astro Static` or `Astro SSR` preset
    - `flightcontrol.json` ("infrastructure as code" option where all config is in your repo) where you will select an Astro example config, then add it to your codebase as `flightcontrol.json`
```
All these nested numbers really looked weird in the deploy preview. Can we experiment converting them to some kind of bullet points, perhaps? 

Or, as I've done above as an example, make it two one-liners? I'm open to suggestions here.

1. Adjust any configuration as needed
1. Click "Create Project" and complete any required steps like linking your AWS account.

### SSR Setup

> To deploy with SSR support, make sure you first set up the [`@astro/node`](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy with SSR support, make sure you first set up the [`@astro/node`](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/) adapter. Then, follow the steps above choosing the appropriate configurations for Astro SSR.
```
Just to clarify, *none* of the steps are different for SSR setup?  (I take it in the GUI setup, you just select the SSR preset.) If so, I'd suggest another line here just verifying that for the reader, something like what I wrote above.

> If you have *any* problems or questions, Flightcontrol is very responsive in [their support Discord](https://discord.gg/yY8rSPrD6q).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I appreciate this! But, we don't provide links to other services other than linking to the main site at the top of the page. So, I'm going to ask that it be removed for consistency.
